readme.md, before:

# AngularFire
- Create and configure a Firebase back-end
- Create a Javascript that communicates with a Firebase back-end
- Explain the difference between HTTP and Websockets, and provide an advantage and disadvantage of each
- Explain what AngularFire is and how it differs from Firebase
- Deploy your app to Firebase Hosting


## Introduction (10 min)

You've heard that Postgresql is not our only database option.  Today, we'll investigate one, Firebase. Firebase is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) that provides a graphical interface to set up a back end, both the database and api.

We will be using the AngularFire library to access Firebase.

Let's learn a little about both by skimming the [AngularFire Intro](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/intro-to-angularfire.html).  Unfortunately, they will not allow all of us to sign up for free accounts because we are all sharing the same IP address and they have limits.  If you have an account feel free to create your own Firebase and use it during this lesson.

## Demos (10 min)

### Tetris

Before we start working with Firebase and AngularFire, let's see it in action.  Visit the page for the [Tetris Example](https://www.firebase.com/tutorial/#session/gf3bu09wvlf).

Open another browser window to view the database changes, in real-time: https://gf3bu09wvlf.firebaseio-demo.com/.  Then press play.

See how the database is updated as each block lands on the board?  This database is updated in real-time to store game data.

### Quickstart

When you have some time, I recommend you follow the [AngularFire Quickstart](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/quickstart.html).  Through that, you will create a simple html page that will let you play with AngularFire.  Right now, I'll show you what real-time, three-way binding looks like.

All that is possible with just the few lines of code.

## Websockets

To achieve this kind of performance, we are using a different connection mechanism: Websockets.  Up until this point, we have used HTTP (HypeText Transfer Protocol) which supports the familiar request/response cycle.  Using a Websocket maintains a connection between your browser and the server, allowing data to be passed back and forth.  These connections are persistent (always on), full duplex (simultaneously bi-directional) and blazingly fast.

Picture HTTP as the our postal system, you send out some letters to a friend overseas.  The system delivers these letters through various paths and arrive safely.  Your friend reads them and sends a letter back.  In http, the server can not send you a message unless you request one: the request/response cycle.

Whereas Websockets is more like a phone call.  You have the ability to hold a conversation, talking at the same time.  Once you have initiated a connection with the server, both an you can send messages, as needed.

![Web Sockets lifetime](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/WebSockets-Diagram.png)


## [AngularFire](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/)

AngularFire is a library for connecting Angular to Firebase.  Similar to ActiveRecord and Sequelize.  We will be using the AngularFire library to access Firebase from Angular.  They provide a [few tutorials](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/) and [many examples](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/examples.html).  Like the Tetris game we saw earlier.


### Grumbler and Firebase

Let's use our new found knowledge to update Grumbler.  The goal is to have Grumbler persist to Firebase, using AngularFire.  The functionality will be exactly the same, just the persistence has changed.   

This will be a walk through.  We'll work hard to take small, discreet steps.  We'll even debug when the way isn't clear.  Starting where your homework left off:

```
$ git checkout -b templating-and-routing-with-comments origin/templating-and-routing-with-comments
```

We should create a new branch for our changes.  The code changes we make today are available in the "firebase" branch.  I recommend something similar.  I will be working in "firebase_mms".

#### The Big Picture
- install & require dependencies
- replace the existing persistence service

#### install & require dependencies (5 min)

```
$ bower install angularfire --save
```

Q. What just happened?
---

> A. Check out bower.json and bower_components
- git diff

Add the libraries to our application, after "angular.js" and "before app.js".

```js
<script src="bower_components/firebase/firebase.js"></script>
<script src="bower_components/angularfire/dist/angularfire.min.js"></script>
```

Q. How do I verify?
---

> A. Save something to Firebase via the browser's JS console

Visit 'http://ga-dc.github.io/grumblr_angular/firebase.html' to watch the database as we make changes.

```js
// in JS console
var firebaseRef = new Firebase("https://wdidc.firebaseio.com/connections");
firebaseRef.set({"MattS": "Has a connection!"});
```

#### A Firebase Resource (10 min)

Q.  We want to use this firebase database instead of our calls to our RESTful API.  What do we replace?
---

> A. The Grumbler Resource service.

Currently, this resource uses ngResource to persist our grumbles to our REST API at http://grumblr.wdidc.org.  Our grumbles are available as an ngResource, with all the methods that provides.

The best possible world would be to create a new service that accesses Firebase using the same interface as the ngResource.  Then, we can just replace that service, with no changes to the rest of the app.  We might not get there, but that's our goal.

Q. How do we know what interface we need to support?
---
> A. Check usage in the Controllers.

But first, we need a connection.

In js/services/grumble.js:

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
(function() {
  var firebaseUrl = "https://wdidc.firebaseio.com";
  var connectedRef = new Firebase(firebaseUrl + "/.info/connected");
  connectedRef.on("value", function(snapshot) {
    if (snapshot.val() === true) {
      console.log("Connected to firebase:", firebaseUrl);
    } else {
      console.log("Not connected to firebase:", firebaseUrl);
    }
  });
});
```

> Aside: If you have your own Firebase, feel free to use that as `firebaseUrl`.

Let's walk through this code.

We need to connect to the remote Firebase.  From our reading, we know that we start with a base url and change the path to identify the specific resource we want.
- store the base url in `firebaseUrl`
- make a reference to the specific path, provided by Firebase, for checking connection: `/.info/connected`.
- Listen for any changes in the data stored at this location via [`on`](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/api/query/on.html).

```js
connectedRef.on("value", ...
```

#### What makes a resource? (5 min)

Q. How are we creating the current ngResource?
---

A. instantiate a module, named "grumbleServices" and add that module as a dependency in "app.js".   

This service manages persisting our Grumbles.  We want to use the same names and interface (where possible).  Just changing the inner functionality.

Let's add our new dependency: "firebase".

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
var grumbleServices = angular.module('grumbleServices', ['ngResource', 'firebase']);
```



### First stop?  Index.

Q. What does our index controller expect?
---

> A. `Grumble.query();`

To manage a list of grumblers, we'll need an Array.

#### Research: [Synchronized Arrays](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/synchronized-arrays.html) (5 min)


#### Get the grumbles  (15 min)

In js/services/grumble.js:

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
grumbleServices.factory('Grumble', ['$firebaseObject','$firebaseArray', grumbleFirebase]);

// Manages resources in firebase
// mirrors ngResource interface
function grumbleFirebase($firebaseObject, $firebaseArray) {
  // get reference to grumbles "namespace"
  var grumblesRef = new Firebase(firebaseUrl + "/grumbles");

  // retrieve our grumbles
  var grumbles = $firebaseArray(grumblesRef);

  // mirror ngResource interface
  var Grumble = {
    query: function(){ return grumbles; },
  }
  // Don't forget to...
  return Grumble;
});
```

- get the reference to our grumbles
- create an Angular Factory, passing the Firebase dependencies
- retrieve our grumbles, via `Grumble.query()`, as the controller expects (see: "js/controllers/grumbles.js")
- return our Grumble

Let's refresh our list of grumbles: http://localhost:3000/#/grumbles.  

Q. What do you see?  Nothing? Why?
---

> A. (sing it with me) Weeeee ain't got no grumbles. Nobody.  Cares for them.  Nobody. I-i-i-i-i-i'm so...

### Break (10 min)

### Create a grumble (30 min)

Looking in our controller, we see:

```js
Grumble.save(this.grumble,...
```

This prompts us to add `save` to our Grumble interface:

```js
var Grumble = {
  query: function(){ return grumbles; },
  save: function( grumble, callback ){
    // persist our grumble
    grumbles.$add(grumble).then(function(ref) {
      // and pass the saved grumble back
      callback(grumble);
    });
  }
  return Grumble;
}
```

Returning to the browser, we create a new Grumble.  Only to see:

```
Argument 'grumbleController' is not a
```

Not much to go on.  What's the url?

`http://localhost:3000/#/grumbles/undefined`


Q. What's missing?
---

> A. What happened to our grumble's `id`?

Let's check it just after it's saved, before we redirect to the "show" page.

```js
console.log("Saving (for create)", grumble)
```

Results:

```
Saving (for create) Object {title: "test 99", authorName: "mms"}
```

What does `add` do?

> [$add(newData)](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/api.html#angularfire-firebasearray-addnewdata)

>Creates a new record in the database and adds the record to our local synchronized array.
>This method returns a promise which is resolved after data has been saved to the server. The promise resolves to the Firebase reference for the newly added record, providing easy access to its key.

They provide this example:

```js
var list = $firebaseArray(ref);
list.$add({ foo: "bar" }).then(function(ref) {
  var id = ref.key();
  console.log("added record with id " + id);
  list.$indexFor(id); // returns location in the array
});
```

Oh.  It doesn't change the grumble that is passed in.  It resolves to a reference for the newly added record.  We could return the new key, but we would have to change the Controller to support that.  The Controller expects a grumbler.  Let's send back a grumbler with an `id`.

More about the returned [Data Snapshpot](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/api/datasnapshot/)

In the end, it probably makes sense to just return the id, but we are trying to minimize change and follow the existing conventions.  I indicate this via "WORKAROUND" and "TODO".

```js
// WORKAROUND: this is the original Grumbler, with it's new id.
// TODO: just pass the id/key
grumble.id = ref.key();
// and pass the saved grumble back
callback(grumble);
```

Q. What do you expect when we refresh this page?
---

> A.

```js
{{ grumbleCtrl.grumble.title }}
```

Q. What's wrong?
---

> A. We are on the "show" route.  Our new Resource only supports `query` & `save`.

Workaround.  Check via index for now.  Ah, that looks much better.  

But wait!  Look at those links.  Where's the id?

#### Index links (10 min)

Remember back when we researched [Synchronized Arrays](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/synchronized-arrays.html)?  In there they mentioned,
> We can also access an item's id in ng-repeat with $id.

Or, maybe you get lucky enough to type the right search into Google AND you read past the first answer, to [find this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19308135/access-firebase-unique-ids-within-ng-repeat-using-angularfire-implicit-sync)

Or maybe, just maybe, you've got someone on your team that can clue you in. :)

> Aside: At this point, I spent many hours trying to find a way to alias `$id` as `id`.  I wanted to mirror the current interface, so I could leave the rest of the code alone AND not become dependent on an angularfire specific interface.  I didn't find a way. :(

Onward!  Our links get the right path once the index view uses `grumble.$id`. We have to replace `grumble.id` with `grumble.$id`.

> For the entire app?

That's up to you.  Personally, I would change them as needed.  We certainly should confirm your hypothesis, by testing it here first.

Don't forget the one in `Grumble.save`.

After updating index.html and  


### You Do: Finally, we show the Grumble. (30 min)

Continue updating our new firebaseResource until CRUD is supported.

Timings:
- Break?
- 10: get (Pro tip: $id)
- 30 min: review


Hints:
- There just may be other places that need ``$id`.
- `mockComment = { authorName: 'REPLACE ME', created_at: '01/01/77', content: "Please replace me?" };`


### Deploy!

Install the tools:

```
$ npm install -g firebase-tools
```

Initialize the app (only needed once):

```
$ firebase init
```

Deploy

```
$ firebase deploy
```

Check it out!

```
$ firebase open
```

## [optional] Zoom zoom

Let's "study" Websockets just a bit more.

https://www.chrome.com/racer


## Conclusion (5 min)

- List 3 benefits of Firebase
- Explain 2 downsides of Websockets
- Can I use any Array method to update a SynchronizedArray?



## Resources

- The code for this exercise is available on the "firebase" branch of https://github.com/ga-dc/grumblr_angular.
- [AngularFire Quickstart](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/quickstart.html).  - [Firebase examples](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/examples.html)
- [Firebase Hosting](https://www.firebase.com/docs/hosting/quickstart.html)
- [Simple (ruby) Server](http://www.benjaminoakes.com/2013/09/13/ruby-simple-http-server-minimalist-rake/)
- [Controller as](http://www.johnpapa.net/angularjss-controller-as-and-the-vm-variable/)
- [And again](http://toddmotto.com/digging-into-angulars-controller-as-syntax/)

## Screencasts
- [WDI6](https://youtu.be/tpCYtV0NYEs).  It's missing the first portion (approx. 1hr)

Commit message:

first go at to do walkthrough

readme.md, after:

# AngularFire
- Create and configure a Firebase back-end
- Create a Javascript that communicates with a Firebase back-end
- Explain the difference between HTTP and Websockets, and provide an advantage and disadvantage of each
- Explain what AngularFire is and how it differs from Firebase
- Deploy your app to Firebase Hosting


## Introduction (10 min)

You've heard that Postgresql is not our only database option.  Today, we'll investigate one, Firebase. Firebase is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) that provides a graphical interface to set up a back end, both the database and api.

We will be using the AngularFire library to access Firebase.

Let's learn a little about both by skimming the [AngularFire Intro](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/intro-to-angularfire.html). Unfortunately, they will not allow all of us to sign up for free accounts because we are all sharing the same IP address and they have limits.  If you have an account feel free to create your own Firebase and use it during this lesson.

<!-- AM: Do they need to skim Firebase docs? Leaning no. -->
<!-- AM: Include sign-up instructions. -->

## [AngularFire](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/)

AngularFire is a library for connecting Angular to Firebase. Similar to ActiveRecord and Sequelize. We will be using the AngularFire library to access Firebase from Angular.  They provide a [few tutorials](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/) and [many examples](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/examples.html).  Like the Tetris game we saw earlier.

## Walkthrough: A To-Do App

**[Click here](\todo.md)**

## Websockets

To achieve this kind of performance, we are using a different connection mechanism: Websockets.  Up until this point, we have used HTTP (HypeText Transfer Protocol) which supports the familiar request/response cycle.  Using a Websocket maintains a connection between your browser and the server, allowing data to be passed back and forth.  These connections are persistent (always on), full duplex (simultaneously bi-directional) and blazingly fast.

Picture HTTP as the our postal system, you send out some letters to a friend overseas.  The system delivers these letters through various paths and arrive safely.  Your friend reads them and sends a letter back.  In http, the server can not send you a message unless you request one: the request/response cycle.

Whereas Websockets is more like a phone call.  You have the ability to hold a conversation, talking at the same time.  Once you have initiated a connection with the server, both an you can send messages, as needed.

![Web Sockets lifetime](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/WebSockets-Diagram.png)


### Grumbler and Firebase

Let's use our new found knowledge to update Grumbler.  The goal is to have Grumbler persist to Firebase, using AngularFire.  The functionality will be exactly the same, just the persistence has changed.   

This will be a walk through.  We'll work hard to take small, discreet steps.  We'll even debug when the way isn't clear.  Starting where your homework left off:

```
$ git checkout -b templating-and-routing-with-comments origin/templating-and-routing-with-comments
```

We should create a new branch for our changes.  The code changes we make today are available in the "firebase" branch.  I recommend something similar.  I will be working in "firebase_mms".

#### The Big Picture
- install & require dependencies
- replace the existing persistence service

#### install & require dependencies (5 min)

```
$ bower install angularfire --save
```

Q. What just happened?
---

> A. Check out bower.json and bower_components
- git diff

Add the libraries to our application, after "angular.js" and "before app.js".

```js
<script src="bower_components/firebase/firebase.js"></script>
<script src="bower_components/angularfire/dist/angularfire.min.js"></script>
```

Q. How do I verify?
---

> A. Save something to Firebase via the browser's JS console

Visit 'http://ga-dc.github.io/grumblr_angular/firebase.html' to watch the database as we make changes.

```js
// in JS console
var firebaseRef = new Firebase("https://wdidc.firebaseio.com/connections");
firebaseRef.set({"MattS": "Has a connection!"});
```

#### A Firebase Resource (10 min)

Q.  We want to use this firebase database instead of our calls to our RESTful API.  What do we replace?
---

> A. The Grumbler Resource service.

Currently, this resource uses ngResource to persist our grumbles to our REST API at http://grumblr.wdidc.org.  Our grumbles are available as an ngResource, with all the methods that provides.

The best possible world would be to create a new service that accesses Firebase using the same interface as the ngResource.  Then, we can just replace that service, with no changes to the rest of the app.  We might not get there, but that's our goal.

Q. How do we know what interface we need to support?
---
> A. Check usage in the Controllers.

But first, we need a connection.

In js/services/grumble.js:

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
(function() {
  var firebaseUrl = "https://wdidc.firebaseio.com";
  var connectedRef = new Firebase(firebaseUrl + "/.info/connected");
  connectedRef.on("value", function(snapshot) {
    if (snapshot.val() === true) {
      console.log("Connected to firebase:", firebaseUrl);
    } else {
      console.log("Not connected to firebase:", firebaseUrl);
    }
  });
});
```

> Aside: If you have your own Firebase, feel free to use that as `firebaseUrl`.

Let's walk through this code.

We need to connect to the remote Firebase.  From our reading, we know that we start with a base url and change the path to identify the specific resource we want.
- store the base url in `firebaseUrl`
- make a reference to the specific path, provided by Firebase, for checking connection: `/.info/connected`.
- Listen for any changes in the data stored at this location via [`on`](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/api/query/on.html).

```js
connectedRef.on("value", ...)
```

#### What makes a resource? (5 min)

Q. How are we creating the current ngResource?
---

A. instantiate a module, named "grumbleServices" and add that module as a dependency in "app.js".   

This service manages persisting our Grumbles.  We want to use the same names and interface (where possible).  Just changing the inner functionality.

Let's add our new dependency: "firebase".

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
var grumbleServices = angular.module('grumbleServices', ['ngResource', 'firebase']);
```



### First stop?  Index.

Q. What does our index controller expect?
---

> A. `Grumble.query();`

To manage a list of grumblers, we'll need an Array.

#### Research: [Synchronized Arrays](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/synchronized-arrays.html) (5 min)


#### Get the grumbles  (15 min)

In js/services/grumble.js:

```js
// in js/services/grumble.js
grumbleServices.factory('Grumble', ['$firebaseObject','$firebaseArray', grumbleFirebase]);

// Manages resources in firebase
// mirrors ngResource interface
function grumbleFirebase($firebaseObject, $firebaseArray) {
  // get reference to grumbles "namespace"
  var grumblesRef = new Firebase(firebaseUrl + "/grumbles");

  // retrieve our grumbles
  var grumbles = $firebaseArray(grumblesRef);

  // mirror ngResource interface
  var Grumble = {
    query: function(){ return grumbles; },
  }
  // Don't forget to...
  return Grumble;
});
```

- get the reference to our grumbles
- create an Angular Factory, passing the Firebase dependencies
- retrieve our grumbles, via `Grumble.query()`, as the controller expects (see: "js/controllers/grumbles.js")
- return our Grumble

Let's refresh our list of grumbles: http://localhost:3000/#/grumbles.  

Q. What do you see?  Nothing? Why?
---

> A. (sing it with me) Weeeee ain't got no grumbles. Nobody.  Cares for them.  Nobody. I-i-i-i-i-i'm so...

### Break (10 min)

### Create a grumble (30 min)

Looking in our controller, we see:

```js
Grumble.save(this.grumble,...)
```

This prompts us to add `save` to our Grumble interface:

```js
var Grumble = {
  query: function(){ return grumbles; },
  save: function( grumble, callback ){
    // persist our grumble
    grumbles.$add(grumble).then(function(ref) {
      // and pass the saved grumble back
      callback(grumble);
    });
  }
  return Grumble;
}
```

Returning to the browser, we create a new Grumble.  Only to see:

```
Argument 'grumbleController' is not a
```

Not much to go on.  What's the url?

`http://localhost:3000/#/grumbles/undefined`


Q. What's missing?
---

> A. What happened to our grumble's `id`?

Let's check it just after it's saved, before we redirect to the "show" page.

```js
console.log("Saving (for create)", grumble)
```

Results:

```
Saving (for create) Object {title: "test 99", authorName: "mms"}
```

What does `add` do?

> [$add(newData)](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/api.html#angularfire-firebasearray-addnewdata)

>Creates a new record in the database and adds the record to our local synchronized array.
>This method returns a promise which is resolved after data has been saved to the server. The promise resolves to the Firebase reference for the newly added record, providing easy access to its key.

They provide this example:

```js
var list = $firebaseArray(ref);
list.$add({ foo: "bar" }).then(function(ref) {
  var id = ref.key();
  console.log("added record with id " + id);
  list.$indexFor(id); // returns location in the array
});
```

Oh.  It doesn't change the grumble that is passed in.  It resolves to a reference for the newly added record.  We could return the new key, but we would have to change the Controller to support that.  The Controller expects a grumbler.  Let's send back a grumbler with an `id`.

More about the returned [Data Snapshpot](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/api/datasnapshot/)

In the end, it probably makes sense to just return the id, but we are trying to minimize change and follow the existing conventions.  I indicate this via "WORKAROUND" and "TODO".

```js
// WORKAROUND: this is the original Grumbler, with it's new id.
// TODO: just pass the id/key
grumble.id = ref.key();
// and pass the saved grumble back
callback(grumble);
```

Q. What do you expect when we refresh this page?
---

> A.

```js
{{ grumbleCtrl.grumble.title }}
```

Q. What's wrong?
---

> A. We are on the "show" route.  Our new Resource only supports `query` & `save`.

Workaround.  Check via index for now.  Ah, that looks much better.  

But wait!  Look at those links.  Where's the id?

#### Index links (10 min)

Remember back when we researched [Synchronized Arrays](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/guide/synchronized-arrays.html)?  In there they mentioned,
> We can also access an item's id in ng-repeat with $id.

Or, maybe you get lucky enough to type the right search into Google AND you read past the first answer, to [find this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19308135/access-firebase-unique-ids-within-ng-repeat-using-angularfire-implicit-sync)

Or maybe, just maybe, you've got someone on your team that can clue you in. :)

> Aside: At this point, I spent many hours trying to find a way to alias `$id` as `id`.  I wanted to mirror the current interface, so I could leave the rest of the code alone AND not become dependent on an angularfire specific interface.  I didn't find a way. :(

Onward!  Our links get the right path once the index view uses `grumble.$id`. We have to replace `grumble.id` with `grumble.$id`.

> For the entire app?

That's up to you.  Personally, I would change them as needed.  We certainly should confirm your hypothesis, by testing it here first.

Don't forget the one in `Grumble.save`.

After updating index.html and  


### You Do: Finally, we show the Grumble. (30 min)

Continue updating our new firebaseResource until CRUD is supported.

Timings:
- Break?
- 10: get (Pro tip: $id)
- 30 min: review


Hints:
- There just may be other places that need `$id`.
- `mockComment = { authorName: 'REPLACE ME', created_at: '01/01/77', content: "Please replace me?" };`


### Deploy!

Install the tools:

```
$ npm install -g firebase-tools
```

Initialize the app (only needed once):

```
$ firebase init
```

Deploy

```
$ firebase deploy
```

Check it out!

```
$ firebase open
```

## [optional] Zoom zoom

Lets study Websockets just a bit more.

https://www.chrome.com/racer


## Conclusion (5 min)

- List 3 benefits of Firebase
- Explain 2 downsides of Websockets
- Can I use any Array method to update a SynchronizedArray?



## Resources

- The code for this exercise is available on the "firebase" branch of https://github.com/ga-dc/grumblr_angular.
- [AngularFire Quickstart](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/libraries/angular/quickstart.html).  - [Firebase examples](https://www.firebase.com/docs/web/examples.html)
- [Firebase Hosting](https://www.firebase.com/docs/hosting/quickstart.html)
- [Simple (ruby) Server](http://www.benjaminoakes.com/2013/09/13/ruby-simple-http-server-minimalist-rake/)
- [Controller as](http://www.johnpapa.net/angularjss-controller-as-and-the-vm-variable/)
- [And again](http://toddmotto.com/digging-into-angulars-controller-as-syntax/)

## Screencasts
- [WDI6](https://youtu.be/tpCYtV0NYEs).  Its missing the first portion (approx. 1hr)
